---
title: "Weeknotes 26-03: Halo LAN party"
date: 2026-01-19
width: 'wide'
---

yippee pretty busy week this week!!!! i went out for dinner with some friends on tuesday to a place in chinatown that i had been to before and is really yommy and was put on the michelin list recently. probably deserved, it's really good, thankfully it's also very affordable and Normal, whenever i think of michelin restaurants i think of like..... places that have long waitlists and are expensive and have some ""concept"" that i often find silly. i went to go see No Other Choice on wednesday which ruled. my coworker described it as "the most HD movie" which i think i agree with. just something about how clear and saturated everything was. highly recommend!!!!

friday i had hot pot at sean's friend's house which ruled, i looooove hot pot, and doing it at someone's house is such a vibe compared to at a restaurant where it's really expensive. i think it was mariah that was saying she would have people over for hot pot and each person brings an ingredient which is a really good idea. i should totally have people over for hot pot.......... afterwards we went to go see the new 28 years later movie which was really good!!!! very different than the first 28 years later, in a good way. no call of duty 360 no scope kill-cam shots, for better or worse

saturday was just a big chore day, i got my hair cut in the morning (it's fine), then went to this fancy menswear store near me to get a shirt and tie for the wedding i'm going to. ended up spending more money than i wanted to but the guy was really nice and i'm kinda paying for the experience a little bit (and both items being made in the US/Italy). but that's the last thing i need for this suit i think???? i really need to bring it to a tailor next week since i'm quickly running out of time 😵‍💫

i played some more death stranding 2, it's kinda crazy how much more i like 2 than 1. like 1 was cool, it had a Vibe to it, but i couldn't stand how much every character is talking at you and how devoid of life the game felt. which i know is kinda the point but still!!!! doesn't make for a fun experience. DS2 on the other hand feels so much nicer in general. both way more fun as a game and also the plot is both compelling enough and also presented in a way that just feels way more palatable. like they really get to the point a lot faster, immediately give you stuff to do in combat, etc. i most certainly will not be finishing by the time my library borrow is up, but there's not a ton of people on the waitlist right now so i'll likely get it back within a couple of weeks.

can check

<div class="img-block">
{% include img.html url='small/IMG_0357.jpeg' lg='large/IMG_0357.jpeg' alt='' %}
{% include img.html url='small/IMG_0362.jpeg' lg='large/IMG_0362.jpeg' alt='' %}
</div>

sunday was sean's Halo 3 LAN party test run!!!!!! we had like 10 people over, spread out across four xboxes, all hanging out and playing halo. super fun, just such a great reminder how wonderful it is to play video games in person with people. like i know board game nights are the Thing among 30 year olds, but people need to be doing video game nights too!!!! they scratch a totally different itch than board game nights do, especially when everyone already knows how to play the game (or when there's a nice mix like at this one). hopefully this will be the start of a trend among our friends to do more of these!!

yommy food check

<div class="img-block">
{% include img.html url='small/IMG_0352.jpeg' lg='large/IMG_0352.jpeg' alt='' %}
{% include img.html url='small/IMG_0363.jpeg' lg='large/IMG_0363.jpeg' alt='' %}
</div>

---

Things I've been into this week!!!

- [I Promised The World - Emerald Waltz](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAz50feqPMU)
  - love this whole new EP, great classic 2000s metalcore (but new)
- This [Frieren Season 2 ED](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FY4Bx2qtkRM) is so gorgeous, completely solo-animated by one person using colored pencils
- art i liked!!!
  - [dorakonium](https://x.com/dorakonium1/status/2011923972758388915)
  - [suzi🤍: "🐦‍⬛"](https://x.com/dear2sz/status/2011917735530545663)
  - [つきはらことり: "ホットミルク"](https://x.com/_suyasuyausa_/status/2011785823457542430)
  - [キクラク](https://x.com/_kikuraku_/status/2011405275715215643)
  - [@ozakitomomi.bsky.social](https://bsky.app/profile/ozakitomomi.bsky.social/post/3mcgusx665k2h)
  - [@ashlenasharma.bsky.social: "felt like a very Tifa outfit #ff7"](https://bsky.app/profile/ashlenasharma.bsky.social/post/3mcfxf5cr4c2r)

