---
title: "Weeknotes 26-17"
date: 2026-04-29
width: 'wide'
---

Two days late but whatever I feel like that's within acceptable range. I'm back from copenhagen!!!! I will make a longer post later but I shot two film rolls there so I want to wait until I have those back so I can have all of my photos. Bag check guy at CPH clowning on me for asking to hand-check the rolls so they don't go through the scanner, "You do know that an airplane has more radiation than these x-rays? I think you read too much reddit". So ironic when the day before I was like "I bet the security will be nice here :)" Crazy combo with us getting pulled aside by logan CBP for having a checked bag on the way back that we didn't on the way there.

Pre-vacation (ie monday) was also a day off!! Despite living in this area for my entire life I've still never watched the boston marathon, I should do that sometime! Instead I went on a date at a coffee place I had been wanting to check out. Date was pretty good, vibes of the coffee shop were really good. However Mariah has gotten me to really appreciate pour over and not only is it good, it's kinda the best sipping/hanging out drink, kinda like getting a pot of tea, since you can share it really easily and the format just encourages drinking it slower. I need to find more places that do it in boston since I only know Ogawa (George Howell also I think?) It's painful to get into something only through the expensive/specialty version since it makes me sooooo annoying and picky. Whatever I'll just get a hand-grinder and a v60 and then do my own. Who doesn't love a process-centered consumption hobby!!!!!!

Okay copying mariah and doing some quick copenhagen thoughts:

- flight there and back had the best food i've ever had on a flight, like legitimately pretty good
- public bathroom setup there rules, one room full of sinks and then just stalls, sometimes with an extra room with just urinals, so the stall area is always unisex. way better than the american "genderless bathroom" which is just gendered bathrooms with the signs covered up lmao
- the exchange rate was kinda brutal, food/cafes especially were all so expensive, like it was rare to find food under 15 dollars and drinks under 5 dollars USD
- great public transit, all automated and runs every 2 minutes without fail, only complaint with it is that the doors close so fast, even when people are trying to still get on (because automated)
- crosswalk walk signals are really weird???? like switches to green and then there's no countdown to the do-not-walk so you could pretty easily be surprised when it switches
- i did not bike at all since it terrified me, there's so many bikers there and the rules are so vague with where bike lanes are and stuff, but yay bike infrastructure
- it's so funny how people complain about train delays and stuff in the US thinking it's unique to us, every non-metro train we got on had some issue (lost power, delayed, switched platforms two minutes before, platform only had a single ticket machine so a ton of people couldn't buy a ticket in time)
- okay i'll save the rest for real blog i guess

No links since I wasn't really on the internet at all lol I'll post some next time
